                 GetDP is copyright (C) 1997-2013

                          Patrick Dular
                  <patrick.dular at ulg.ac.be>

                               and 

                       Christophe Geuzaine 
                     <cgeuzaine at ulg.ac.be> 

Major code contributions to GetDP have been provided by Johan Gyselinck and Ruth
Sabariego. Other code contributors include: Michael Asam, David Colignon, Tuan
Ledinh, Patrick Lefevre, Andre Nicolet, Jean-Francois Remacle, Timo Tarhasaari,
Christophe Trophime and Marc Ume. See the source code for more details.

The AVL tree code (DataStr/avl.*) is copyright (C) 1988-1993, 1995 The Regents
of the University of California. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute
this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of the University of California not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
specific, written prior permission.  The University of California makes no
representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is
provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

This version of GetDP may contain code (in the contrib/Arpack subdirectory)
written by Danny Sorensen, Richard Lehoucq, Chao Yang and Kristi Maschhoff from
the Dept. of Computational & Applied Mathematics at Rice University, Houston,
Texas, USA. See http://www.caam.rice.edu/software/ARPACK/ for more info.

This version of GetDP may contain code (in the contrib/Sparskit subdirectory)
copyright (C) 1990 Yousef Saad: check the configuration options.

Thanks to the following folks who have contributed by providing fresh ideas on
theoretical or programming topics, who have sent patches, requests for changes
or improvements, or who gave us access to exotic machines for testing GetDP:
Olivier Adam, Alejandro Angulo, Geoffrey Deliege, Mark Evans, Philippe Geuzaine,
Eric Godard, Sebastien Guenneau, Francois Henrotte, Daniel Kedzierski, Samuel
Kvasnica, Benoit Meys, Uwe Pahner, Georgia Psoni, Robert Struijs, Ahmed Rassili,
Thierry Scordilis, Herve Tortel, Jose Geraldo A. Brito Neto, Matthias Fenner,
Daryl Van Vorst, Guillaume Dem\'esy.
